The power of innovation and ideas has shaped the Reliance legacy. The Ultimate Pitch was born as a strategic elevator pitch contest to celebrate the spirit of innovation and entrepreneurial zeal. We believe that ideas are no one’s monopoly and even the simplest of ideas could spark something huge. With this belief, we see this competition as a platform to help your innovative ideas reach the right audience - the experienced Reliance leadership, who could nurture, mentor and help your ideas reach the heights it deserves. Growing in popularity, The Ultimate Pitch has managed to break into the mind space of the campus audience to become one of India’s most prestigious B-School competitions.

Eligibility: TUP 9.0 is open for both first and second-year full-time MBA/PGDM students from all B-Schools in India.
 
Rules: 
A team shall consist of 1-4 members, one of whom would be the team leader
All of the team members should be from the same institute
One student cannot be part of more than one team
Only full-time post-graduate and executive MBA students can participate in TUP 9.0
There is no restriction on the number of teams from an institute
Ideas that are found to be plagiarized will be disqualified
Competition Structure:

SUBMIT YOUR IDEA: The first step is for the registered teams to upload their 3-minute pitch video on reliancetup.in. Once all entries are received, the best ideas will be scored based on the selection criteria and the top ideas will be shortlisted for the campus rounds.
BEAT THE ODDS: The best ideas from various campuses will compete in the campus round. The top shortlisted teams get a chance to virtually showcase a 3-minute video to a live jury. This will be followed by a 3-minute presentation and a 4-minute Q&A round.
LEVEL UP YOUR GAME: Teams selected in the campus round will move to the semi-finals. Your ideas will get a chance to take a stronger leap with a video showcase, presentation and Q&A round. The selected teams shall proceed to the Grand Finale set to happen at the Reliance Corporate Park (RCP), Navi Mumbai.
THE ULTIMATE PITCH: Get ready for the ultimate battle! The Grand Finale spans over 2 days and the selected teams get to visit our world-class campus, interact with the senior most of leaders in the organization and experience the #RILWayOfLife! On day 1, teams showcase their ideas in individual booths at the Idea Fair and on day 2, the National Finalists get one final chance to make The Ultimate Pitch to the Grand Jury and will battle it out to be crowned THE ULTIMATE WINNER OF TUP 9.0!
YOUR IDEA TO SHAPE THE NOW SHOULD:

Be futuristic
Solve a real world need or problem
Challenge conventional wisdom
Be practical and scalable
Have a strong business case
Rewards & Prizes:

Pre-placement interviews for all National Finalists
The Ultimate Winner: INR 6 lakhs
The Ultimate Runner-Up: INR 3 lakhs
Popular Choice Award: INR 1 lakh
Campus Round Winners receive ₹50K & Runners-Up receive ₹25K respectively along with exciting TUP merchandise!
National Finalists get mentored by in-house Reliance experts
TUP IDEA-GENERATOR AWARD: Campus with most ideas submitted this year
TUP EARLY BIRD CAMPUS AWARD: Campus with most idea submissions in first few days